# ∫ The Cult of Integral ∫

---

***"OP is pretty fucked up. Even by r/copypasta standards." - Deleted user.***

Warning: The writings of this cult are highly NSFW and, at times, quite fucked up - don't read if easily triggered!

---

I just created a cult in honour of r/copypasta's Cummy Abusers.

## FAQ

### What does this mean?

The Cult of Integral is a cult dedicated to the creation of original copypasta, that are both high in quality and are dedicated/a tribute to the sexy community of r/copypasta.

Examples of copypasta typical of The Cult of Integral include copypasta relating to cum, copypasta designed to make people go "wtf", copypasta designed for trolling, copypasta in praise of r/copypasta, meta copypasta, etc.

### Why did you do this?

There are several reasons I have created The Cult of Integral. These include, but are not limited to:

* To encourage the creation of original copypasta,
* To supply media for trolls,
* Boredom.
* I am very sad.
* Please help me.

### What the fuck is an opus?

An Opus is a set of copypasta all relating to one particular theme, usually written pasta-by-pasta, but sometimes a saga over many months. Current cult opuses are:

* Opus #1: "Apep Saga" - a series of copypasta relating to my pet snake, Apep, who I fuck on a regular basis.

* Opus #2: "Cumless Earth Saga" - two copypasta that detail the end of the world through a disease that prevents orgasms.
* Opus #3: "Autogenerated copypasta" - a series of experimental copypasta generated via code; usually Python.
* Opus #4: "YandreDev Saga" - a series of copypasta that detail the crimes, capture and execution of the dictator YandreDev.
* Opus #5: "Corrupted AskReddit" - a series of engineered copypasta designed to imitate horrible answers to r/AskReddit - all are original, but copypasta nevertheless.

The most common cult copypasta, however, are those that are out of opus - one off copypasta on a random theme or topic.


### How do I contribute?

Spread the word of the integral by any means - even if it means shooting a pornographic video of you shoving an integral-shaped dildo inside of you to notify people of this beautiful symbol's existence.
